content/gallery.md, before:

---
title: "Image Gallery"
date: 2022-06-25T18:35:46+05:30
draft: false
description: "I also like Photography"
layout: "gallery"
galleryImages:
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497171/pic2_a5ydct.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic5_ivrhv0.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497170/pic10_vqlajq.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497170/pic14_flfkex.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497172/pic12_tshqcm.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497171/pic15_qemx2s.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic11_cjxlqu.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic7_thyhq1.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic13_axsjbl.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic6_wgjqfr.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic9_o8k3ul.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic1_rgvzqc.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic3_nyxxzw.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic4_jnhsmc.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic8_gz5jqd.jpg
viewer : true
viewerOptions : {
    title: false
    # you can add more options here. refer https://github.com/fengyuanchen/viewerjs?tab=readme-ov-file#options
}
---

Commit message:

homepage is ready and gallery as well

content/gallery.md, after:

---
title: "#Shot On iPhone"
date: 2022-06-25T18:35:46+05:30
draft: false
description: "Not a photographer, but I do enjoy taking photos. Here are some of my favorite shots :)"
layout: "gallery"
galleryImages:
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497171/pic2_a5ydct.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic5_ivrhv0.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497170/pic10_vqlajq.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497170/pic14_flfkex.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497172/pic12_tshqcm.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497171/pic15_qemx2s.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic11_cjxlqu.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic7_thyhq1.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic13_axsjbl.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic6_wgjqfr.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497169/pic9_o8k3ul.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic1_rgvzqc.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic3_nyxxzw.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic4_jnhsmc.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746497168/pic8_gz5jqd.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541361/pic3_bmtoyx.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541360/melbourne_nzaoad.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541360/pic2_mltgia.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541361/woroni_jvnnnn.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541360/pic_c848mo.jpg
 - src: https://res.cloudinary.com/dt9mwco87/image/upload/v1746541358/melb_hduy8u.jpg
viewer : true
viewerOptions : {
    title: false
    # you can add more options here. refer https://github.com/fengyuanchen/viewerjs?tab=readme-ov-file#options
}
---
